README.md, before:

# Carduino

This repository contains the source code for the Carduino library for Arduino IDE as well as design files for the electronics and the 3d printed enclosure for the Carduino device.  Each of these 3 components will be desctibed separately below.  More information about Carduino can be found at https://carduino.co

Everything you need to build a Carduino is in this repository if you have the necessary equipment.  If you are so inclined, you scan shop around for all the parts and build one yourself using the information you find in here.  You can also order a kit with all the electronic parts from our store at
https://www.tindie.com/stores/Sparkle/

There, you can also order one fully assembled and tested, including the 3d printed enclosure and a USB cable for close to the same price it would cost you to buy all the individual parts and the shipping costs.  Also, buying from our store helps support the continuing development of the project.  We have other things in the works you might like if you're interested in Cardano and electronics.

## Arduino library
The Arduino IDE can be downloaded here:
https://www.arduino.cc/en/software
The files that make up the library are under the src folder.

## PCB design files
The PCB is designed using Eagle.  It meets the criteria for being edited using the free edition for personal use, which can be downloaded here:
https://www.autodesk.ca/en/products/eagle/free-download
The PCB design files can be found in the eagle folder.
The parts list with recommended manufacturer part numbers is available in the [parts file](eagle/parts.md)

## Enclosure 3d model
The enclosure was designed with TinkerCad.  Unfortunately, TimcarCad does not support saving the native files, but the exported .stl files can be imported and tweaked as you wish at:
https://www.tinkercad.com/
The 3d model files can be found in the model folder.

Commit message:

link to programming tutorial video in readme

README.md, after:

# Carduino

This repository contains the source code for the Carduino library for Arduino IDE as well as design files for the electronics and the 3d printed enclosure for the Carduino device.  Each of these 3 components will be desctibed separately below.  More information about Carduino can be found at https://carduino.co

Everything you need to build a Carduino is in this repository if you have the necessary equipment.  If you are so inclined, you scan shop around for all the parts and build one yourself using the information you find in here.  You can also order a kit with all the electronic parts from our store at
https://www.tindie.com/stores/Sparkle/

There, you can also order one fully assembled and tested, including the 3d printed enclosure and a USB cable for close to the same price it would cost you to buy all the individual parts and the shipping costs.  Also, buying from our store helps support the continuing development of the project.  We have other things in the works you might like if you're interested in Cardano and electronics.

## Arduino library
The Arduino IDE can be downloaded here:
https://www.arduino.cc/en/software
The files that make up the library are under the src folder for reference if you want to look at the code.  To use it though, you'll want to install it as a library in the IDE.  Instructions for installing the library and everything else you need to program your Carduino can be found in this tutorial video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPkC6jxjeJc&t=7s

## PCB design files
The PCB is designed using Eagle.  It meets the criteria for being edited using the free edition for personal use, which can be downloaded here:
https://www.autodesk.ca/en/products/eagle/free-download
The PCB design files can be found in the eagle folder.
The parts list with recommended manufacturer part numbers is available in the [parts file](eagle/parts.md)

## Enclosure 3d model
The enclosure was designed with TinkerCad.  Unfortunately, TimcarCad does not support saving the native files, but the exported .stl files can be imported and tweaked as you wish at:
https://www.tinkercad.com/
The 3d model files can be found in the model folder.
